Document workload advertising manifest downloads (#25243)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-workload-install.md

### Results vary by SDK version

The `dotnet workload` commands operate in the context of specific SDK versions. Suppose you have both .NET 6.0.100 SDK and .NET 6.0.200 SDK installed. The `dotnet workload` commands will give different results depending on which SDK version you select. This behavior applies to major and minor version and feature band differences, not to patch version differences. For example, .NET SDK 6.0.101 and 6.0.102 give the same results, whereas 6.0.100 and 6.0.200 give different results. You can specify the SDK version by using the [*global.json* file](global-json.md) or the `--sdk-version` option of the `dotnet workload` commands.

### Advertising manifests

The names and versions of the assets that a workload installation requires are maintained in *manifests*. The `dotnet workload install` command downloads the available manifests before it installs a workload. The local copy of a manifest then provides the information needed to find and download the assets for a workload.

> The `dotnet workload list` command compares the versions of installed workloads with the currently available versions. It gets the currently available versions from the locally stored manifests.  When it finds that a version newer than the installed version is available, it advertises that fact in the command output. For this reason, the manifests are also known as *advertising manifests*. These newer-version notifications in `dotnet workload list` are available starting in .NET 6 Preview 7.
> 
> To ensure that the local manifest copies are up-to-date, the advertising manifests are downloaded asynchronously in the background when any of the following commands are run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dotnet workload list` command compares the versions of installed workloads with the currently available versions.  When it finds that a version newer than the installed version is available, it advertises that fact in the command output. These newer-version notifications in `dotnet workload list` are available starting in .NET 6 Preview 7.

To enable these notifications, the latest available versions of the manifests are downloaded and stored as *advertising manifests*.  These downloads happen asynchronously in the background when any of the following commands are run.
```

## Description

The `dotnet workload install` command installs one or more *optional workloads*. Optional workloads can be installed on top of the .NET SDK to provide support for various application types, such as [.NET MAUI](/dotnet/maui/what-is-maui) and [Blazor WebAssembly AOT](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/aspnet/asp-net-core-updates-in-net-6-preview-4/#blazor-webassembly-ahead-of-time-aot-compilation).

Use [dotnet workload search](dotnet-workload-search.md) to learn what workloads are available to install.

### When to run elevated

> For macOS and Linux SDK installations that are installed to a protected directory, the command needs to run elevated. On Windows, the command doesn't need to run elevated even if the SDK is installed to the *Program Files* directory. For Windows, the command uses MSI installers for that location.

Reviewer 2: Maybe include here how to run elevated on linux/mac (add sudo)?

### Results vary by SDK version

> The `dotnet workload` commands operate in the context of specific SDK versions. Suppose you have both .NET 6.0.100 SDK and .NET 6.0.200 SDK installed. The `dotnet workload` commands will give different results depending on which SDK version you select. This behavior applies to major and minor version and feature band differences, not to patch version differences. For example, .NET SDK 6.0.101 and 6.0.102 give the same results, whereas 6.0.100 and 6.0.200 give different results.

Reviewer 2: Maybe clarify here how you 'select' a SDK version-- with the option flag on the command or via global.json.

 The commands provide the `--sdk-version` option to let you select an SDK version other than the one selected by default or by *global.json*.

> ### Advertising manifests

Reviewer 2: This section looks great and is definitely accurate but I'd like @dsplaisted to review as well, since in the past we've discussed trying to avoid exposing the concept of manifests to users as much as possible.
